[Home](../index.md)

# [Crystal Warriors](../CrystalWarriors/CrystalWarriors.md)

## (0) TUTORIAL

*Flat on your back, you come to. You’re on a beach. The sand is cold. It’s morning. There’s a low rumble that is either blood rushing through your temples or a far-off storm.*

*A lone gull circles overhead, tracing a spiral against a sky bluer than you’ve ever seen. The tide is way out, but you smell the kelp and salt it’s left behind.*

*Oh, there’s also an incredibly attractive man with your cock in his mouth.*

*Seeing you looking, he winks and runs his tongue up the side of your shaft. There is something unnerving about the look in his eye. You begin to wonder if you are in danger, but before the thought can complete your hips buck spastically and you’re cumming.*

--

*With an involuntary moan, your vision clouds again and your consciousness fades. Time passes, but how much is impossible to know.*

--

*The fog in your head begins to clear and soon you are slowly blinking yourself back to life. There’s another man kneeling beside you and he looks both concerned and relieved. He slips his arm under your shoulder and heaves you up onto your feet.*

**WILHELM**: “I am Wilhelm. I’m sure you have a lot of questions.” He wipes some sand off your chest and the hair on your arms stands up. “Lucky for you, I’m uniquely qualified to answer them.”

*Wilhelm begins explaining that you have been pulled into a time and place different than your own, that it may be his fault, and that he has a plan. He tells you that a dark wizard is amassing an army of mind-controlled warriors, scattering shards of his dark tower across the land for purposes unknown. *

*Wilhelm pounds his fist into his palm. He promises that together you will destroy the shards, freeing the men under the wizards control and opening the portal you need to return home. His speech is rousing, but unfortunately you hear almost none of it, having become completely and hopelessly lost in his eyes.*

*Wilhelm pulls out a glittering amulet and presses it into your palm. He explains that it can be used to summon the allies you will need on your journey, but all you can think about is what it’s going to take to get him undressed. This is how your quest begins.*

--

**WILHELM**: “Now, seize the amulet and command us into battle!”

--

**WILHELM**: “Wow! You’re a natural leader. I wonder if you’re as demanding in the bedroom as you are on the field…”

--

**WILHELM**: “You found a staff in the last fight, yes? I won’t tell you what to do, but men who give me a pole to work with are rarely disappointed.”

**WILHELM**: “You’ll want to upgrade my ability, too. My skills as a shaman will help keep your warriors on their feet.”

**WILHELM**: “Wow…  And here I was thinking you were only interested in my quest to save the world. That was the kind of sex that moves mountains. Phew!”

--

**WILHELM**: “An old friend has heard about your arrival. Come, I’ll introduce you to him.”

**WILHELM**: “Well, it seems like you’ve gotten a handle on what you’ll need to know here.”

**WILHELM**: “And, with the three of us, we can begin to chip away at the dark wizard’s hold over this land.”

**WILHELM**: “Complete campaign quests to level up your warriors and earn rewards!”

**WILHELM**: “You’re a natural! You’ve learned all of the basics of how to navigate this island and are ready to lead us. Don’t worry, I’ll be behind you every step of the way and not just because I enjoy the view…”

**WILHELM**: “With you leading us, our victory is certain! We’re lucky to have found a man who takes so naturally to giving orders!”

**WILHELM**: “Be sure to come by my shack when you’re ready… I’ve got something to show you. Yes, it’s a shack, but you’ll soon learn that a man who can host is a rare find around here.”

-- Campaign 1 –

## (1) A CALL TO ARMS

**WILHELM**: “I’ve just spoken with one of our scouts.”

**WILHELM**: “Your arrival has caused a stir in whatever forces govern the Dark Wizard’s power, we may have an opportunity.”

**WILHELM**: “If we press our advantage now, we may be able to shake another warrior free from his control!”

## (3) MAKING A NAME FOR YOURSELF

*Wilhelm stands triumphant, glowing with satisfaction. His chest heaves with exertion, but the way he’s looking at you tells you he’s not yet spent.*

**WILHELM**: “I am more than impressed by your leadership. Though, part of me thinks there might be even more impressive parts of you...” 

*Wilhelm’s eyes dart down to your pants. He grins mischievously and you realize that the thrill of battle has excited more than just your lust for conquest.*

*Wilhelm’s hand traces down the sweat on your chest.*

*Helio steps forward and rests his hand on Wilhelm’s shoulder. Wilhelm jumps, surprised by the interruption. He blushes, embarrassed.*

**HELIO**: “That really was some impressive work back there, my lord. I hope Wilhelm was offering adequate… praise?”

*Helio puts his other arm over your shoulder, pulling the two of you close. You can feel the rise and fall of the two men’s chests, their blood still racing from the battle. Your heart beat quickens.*

**WILHELM**: “An army is only as strong as the bonds between its members, and under you I think we’re all feeling very… bonded.”

**HELIO**: “A warrior’s love for battle must be matched by their love for the life they have beyond it.”

**HELIO**: “In you, my lord, I think we have found something worth fighting for.”

## (5) THE BEACH LIBERATED

**WILHELM**: “We did it! Victory is ours.”

**HELIO**: “My lord, the beach is cleared and we can begin our campaign in earnest.”

*You smile and embrace your warriors. Helio returns the gesture, his hands are heavy on your shoulders. Wilhelm, not one to be left out, slides onto the other side of you. You can feel both of their cocks pressing against your thighs.*

*Just as you begin to let your hand drift down towards Helio’s ass, a howl comes from the woods. The three of you exchange a look of irritated duty.*

*Reluctantly you release each other and look for the source.*

**HELIO**: “The cry came from the forest, my lord.”

*He’s right. A second howl rolls through the trees at the shore’s edge. It’s impossible to tell if its origin is man or beast. Helio draws close to you.*

**WILHELM**: “The powers the dark wizard uses are perverting this whole island, flora and fauna included. There’s no telling what we’ll find further inland.”

**WILHELM**: “Just the other day I saw a bird that had the strangest...”

*You hear the warriors talking, but your mind is still on the beach. You’re beginning to wonder if you’ll ever find a chance for the three of you to be alone… together.*

*Wilhelm clears his throat. You realize the men are awaiting your command. You ask Wilhelm if his scouts have any word. Wilhelm shakes his head.*

**WILHELM**: “The Dark Wizard has set traps everywhere. It’s too dangerous to send the scouts in alone.”

**HELIO**: “My lord, the only way forward is together. We await your orders.”

**HELIO**: “The good news,” says Helio as he draws you close, “with a forest this thick, I’m sure we can find a secluded grove to... run some drills.”

*Wilhelm’s hand falls upon your shoulder, and from behind you he whispers: “He means sex…”*
## (8) THROUGH THE FOREST

**WILHELM**: “The further in we press, the stronger the enemies become.”

**WILHELM**: “We must be approaching one of the Dark Wizard’s generals. Everyone stay focused.”

*Wilhelm rouses the troops, prodding them with the butt of his staff. You watch the way he grips the pole and your mind begins to wander…*

**HELIO**: “My lord, are you alright?”

*Helio presses his sheathed sword against your cod-piece, giving it a surprisingly firm tap that you find yourself not at all mad about.*

**HELIO**: “Keep your head in the game, my lord.” 

**HELIO**: “I know Wilhelm’s pole-handling is… admirable. But, if we let ourselves get distracted, none of us will get a chance to really put it to use.”

**HELIO**: “We’re approaching the stronghold of one of the wizard’s corrupted paladins.”

**WILHELM**: “A corrupted paladin? Kade...”

*There is a strange faltering quality in Wilhelm’s voice. For the first time since you awoke on the beach, his bravado falters for a moment. You and Helio both look at him. He seems embarrassed.*

*Helio reaches out towards Wilhelm and draws him into a close embrace. The warrior whispers something to him. As they separate, Wilhelm’s usual sunny demeanor is back.*

**HELIO**: “That settles that.”

*You look quizzically at the two warriors. You ask Wilhelm if he’s okay.*

**WILHELM**: “Oh, don’t worry about me! Helio just reminded me that when we defeat the paladin, we will have free reign over his fortress... and beds.” 

**WILHELM**: “And I will crush anyone who stands between me and the two of you in an actual bed.”

## (10) CONFRONTATION WITH KADE, THE DARK PALADIN

*Your troops arrive at the edge of a copse surrounding the Dark Paladin’s stronghold. The fort is quiet…*

**WILHELM**: “This is our chance. Have all of our preparations been made?”

*You feel Helio’s hand upon your back, he whispers quickly into your ear.*

**HELIO**: “My lord, the Dark Paladin’s stronghold looks unprotected. I have reason to believe we may have—“

*Before Helio can finish, one of your rear guards cries out! An ambush!*

**WILHELM**: “An ambush!? Protect the commander!”

*You turn and see a towering figure in dark armor carving his way through the woods towards you. He swings a massive great hammer, toppling trees and your allies alike as though they were nothing.*

*He is heading straight for you.*

**KADE**: “You do not belong here!”

*As you scramble to your feet, Helio stands in front of you, his blade drawn. Despite the heaving mass of metal and wrath barreling towards you, you can’t help but admire Helio’s exceptional ass.*

**HELIO**: “Stay back, my lord! We will protect you!”

**KADE**: “Wilhelm. How nice to see you on again. You have two options. Drop to your knees and surrender the interloper now, or be brought to your knees by my hammer. I know which you chose last time we met.”

**HELIO**: “Typical. When all you have is a hammer everything looks like a nail. My lord, to battle!”

[Next (11 - 20)](../CrystalWarriors/1120.md) ->

[Back to top](#crystal-warriors)

[Home](../index.md)