[Home](../index.md)

# [Crystal Warriors](../CrystalWarriors/CrystalWarriors.md)

## (11) THE CLUMSY MERCENARY

**WILHELM:** “I always suspected that Kade was a bottom, but he went down even easier than I expected.”

**HELIO**: “Are you alright, my lord?”

*Helio and Wilhelm flock to either side of you, dusting off some debris kicked up in the battle. Both of their hands linger on your thighs for a moment, the thrill of battle has your blood fired up.*

*Just as Helio’s hand begins to find its way into your pants, there’s a sudden cracking sound from above.*

*The three of you look up in unison, just in time to witness a strangely dressed man plummet through the canopy of the trees, hitting… every single branch on the way down.*

**RICKARD**: “Ow! Ow! Ow! Ow!”

*The man lands at your feet, dazed.*

*The three of you stare at him for a moment. Wilhelm reaches out to touch him when just as abruptly as he fell, he pops to his feet in an alarmingly graceful kip-up.*

**RICKARD**: “Sorry about that, friends! Gliding gracefully across the tree-tops is harder than it looks. The name’s Rickard, and I wanted to commend your work with that Dark Paladin back there.”

**RICKARD**: “Ol’ Kade was a real nice guy until all of that Dark Wizard business… I hope you weren’t too hard on him.”

**HELIO**: “My lord, judging from this man’s garb, he might be a mercenary. I would hesitate to trust him.”

**RICKARD**: “Oh, no need to worry. I may be a mercenary, but you three aren’t my target. Unless one of you is a lemon thief in which case please identify yourself so that I can exact the lemon lord’s swift reprisal.”

*The three of your exchange a look. Rickard’s eyes draw down to the sword at Helio’s hip.*

**RICKARD**: “Oh, well, great then! Look, when I’m done with this job my schedule’s wide open if you’re in need of a little hired help.”

*Wilhelm looks at Rickard the way a child might look at an especially cute puppy in a pet store. His eyes plead with you to adopt the stray mercenary.*

**RICKARD**: “I accept all kinds of payments. Food, massage, shelter, no-recip oral, maybe a position in your band of world-saving heroes? Feel free to get creative with it.”

*Rickard dusts off his garbs and with a flourish, he grapples onto a low-hanging branch.*

**RICKARD**: “If you need me, know that I’m never far, and that I would love to lend a hand… wherever a hand might be needed.”

## (12) THE FOREST LIBERATED

*With Wilhelm and Helio at your side, you watch the last of Kade the Dark Paladin’s troops fleeing the forest. At last, the forest is free of the Dark Wizard’s influence.
Your band takes a brief moment of respite, gathering the troops in the liberated stronghold.*

*Wilhelm stands atop one of the long tables in the stronghold’s banquet hall. Helio watches him from his seat, smiling up as Wilhelm calls out across the hall. His cheeks are flushed from the free-flowing ale.*

**WILHELM:** “Let’s hear it again for our brave leader! He’s returned freedom to the forest, and soon this entire island!”

*A cheer erupts through the room.*

**WILHELM:** “Okay, okay, that’s enough! We can’t let it get to his head.”

*You stand and remind the troops that without their aid you could never have defeated the Dark Paladin, drawing special attention to Helio.*

**HELIO**: “You are too modest, my lord. An army without a leader is nothing.”

*You feel yourself blushing. Wilhelm extends his hand to you gently and allows you to help him down off the table. He holds your hand, looking deeply into your eyes. You sense something more than his usual randy longing.*

**WILHELM:** “You’ve given us hope, fellow traveler.”

*He wraps his arms around your shoulders and buries his face in your neck. You inhale deeply as he holds you close, smelling the wood smoke of the banquet hall’s hearth on his collar.*

**WILHELM:** “Thank you.”

*Wilhelm’s breathing quickens and you feel a pressure against your thigh. You reach down and your fingers graze a hard-on pressing through his pants. Embarrassed, he makes quick eye-contact with you and continues squeezing you tight. Helio approaches from behind Wilhelm, chuckling.*

**HELIO**: “Wilhelm, I think you’ll find our commander is more effective when he has full freedom of movement.”

**HELIO**: “Speaking of which… My lord, I hate to report it, but the time has come for us to move on. There’s word of the Dark Wizard’s forces gaining strength in the desert…”

*Sighing, the band begins to pack up the celebration. Wilhelm releases you, tracing a hand down your side as he goes. His face remains flushed and his mouth, for once, speechless.*

## (14) A HEALER IN THE DESERT

*Your band treks across the dunes of sand, quietly bearing the sun and heat. Wilhelm stops abruptly.*

**WILHELM:** “Is that… Yes! There in the distance, an oasis!” 

**HELIO**: “My lord, I’m afraid Wilhelm has desert madness. I know this will not be an easy choice, but our only course of action is to put him out of his—“

**WILHELM:** “Shut it, Helio! Look!”

*Sure enough, as you draw closer to the shimmering water and lush trees, you realize Wilhelm is right. Wilhelm shoots a smug look towards Helio who sheathes his sword with a sigh.*

*Beneath one of the trees, a figure huddles over an intimidatingly large pile of books. His brow furrowed in concentration, he flips through one of the larger volumes.*

**HELIO**: “We should be careful, my lord. This may be one of the Dark Wizard’s traps.”

**WILHELM:** “A trap? I think it’s more likely we’ve stumbled upon someone in need of help, Helio.”

*Helio and Wilhelm begin bickering between themselves. The heat of the desert seems to have put everyone on edge.*

*As your loyal companions argue about the proper course of action, you approach the slumped figure and take a seat beside him.*

*He looks up from his book and smiles at you.*

**DION**: “Come for an autograph, have you?”

*The man sweeps a hand through his hair and leans back, giving you a peek inside his robes. For a book worm he’s almost shockingly muscular. You blink quizzically at him, the furrow returns to his brow.*

**DION**: “I’m Dion… the miracle worker? Surely you’ve heard of me.”

*You shake your head.*

**DION**: “Huh. Well, then you must be either blessed with a strong constitution, or unspeakably poor. Everyone who’s anyone comes to me when they need relief, be it from a pox or plague or... more particular problems.”

*Helio and Wilhelm finally join you. Helio eyes the books suspiciously. Wilhelm puffs out his chest and extends a hand towards Dion.*

**WILHELM:** “Traveler we’ve come to offer aid in this time of—Dion?! Are you THE Dion?!”

*A smug look crosses Dion’s face, he cocks an eyebrow at you. You watch Wilhelm’s eyes snap to Dion’s crotch as though magnetized, he squeezes his staff tightly.*

*Clearly the healer is exactly as... well regarded, as he claims. You introduce Dion to your companions and explain the nature of your quest. You extend an invitation for him to join you and the healer chuckles.*

**DION**: “Well, desperate as I am to get on the bad side of an unspeakably powerful Dark Wizard, I’m afraid I have a house call waiting for me on the other side of this desert. Perhaps I’ll catch up with you once that’s been dealt with… or whatever is left of you in any case.”

## (17) OUT OF THE DESERT

*The sun continues to beat down on your party. Wilhelm and Helio bicker miserably, taking turns bemoaning the sun, the sand, the heat and your quest.*

***WILHELM:*** “Sand, sand, sand. Sand in the morning, sand in the afternoon, sand all night. Is it too late to take you up on the offer to execute me, Helio?”

**HELIO**: “Anything to bring an end to your constant complaining, shaman. My lord, say the word and I’ll lop his head clean off. I’d say it will be painless, but--”

*You wave off Helio and draw your companions’ attention to the horizon. A line of treetops cuts between land and sky. The sight is enough to make you want to cry, but you’re beginning to suspect that your tear ducts are full of sand.*

**WILHELM:** “Trees... I remember trees!”

*Rejuvenated by the promise of shade, your band doubles its pace and soon you are finally under the  shade of the canopy. Wilhelm throws himself on the ground and begins rolling in the grass.*

**HELIO**: “If I never see another grain of sand again it will be too soon.”

**WILHELM:** “Well then I might want look away for a moment.””

*Wilhelm proceeds to upend his codpiece, pouring out a surprising volume of sand. Your eyes are drawn to Wilhelm’s cock, lightly sandy and shimmering as the light pokes through the leaves of the trees.*

*You’re reminded of when you first met him on the beach. It feels like an eternity ago.*

*Helio notices you in your reverie and claps a hand on your shoulder.*

**HELIO**: “My lord, don’t worry. There should be a spring up ahead where we will have plenty of time to… take in the view.”

## (20) A RAM IN THE FOREST
Beneath the shade of its canopy, the forest is cool relief. After a short hike you find the spring Helio mentioned to you.

**WILHELM:** “I need to be in that spring right now. If I don’t get in that spring right now I cannot be held responsible for what I do.”

*Wilhelm’s traces his hand down to your ass. With a cheeky wink he gives it a firm squeeze. You begin whispering conspiratorially to each other about forgetting your swimsuits when Helio grabs your arm with alarming force.*

**WILHELM:** “Helio, we were in that desert a long time. If you want to keep that hand I would let go now.”

**HELIO**: “My lord, I’m as desperate for a long soak as anyone, but before we get in I’d like to draw your attention to the demonic ram just over yonder.”

**WILHELM:** “Oh for the love of…”

*Sure enough, lurking at the edge of the woods is a towering beast. You see its massive body heaving in the shade, hunger and wrath dancing in it’s eyes.*

**HELIO**: “I would love to believe it’s just a well-meaning voyeur, but…”

**WILHELM:** “This is really not the kind of ramming I was hoping we would be doing here.”

*You exchange a glance with your band of warriors, everyone has a look of weary resignation.*

*The Ram begins to emerge from the shadows, his body is larger even than it appeared from a distance. Slowly it begins to make its way across the stream, it’s hooves sizzling as they touch the water. His eyes are fixed on you.*

*Seeing the Ram’s focus on you, Selena unsheathes his sword.*

**HELIO**: “Everyone to arms! If our lord falls here all of our struggle will have been for nothing!”

**WILHELM:** “If you think I’m going to let an overgrown sheep stand in the way of me and watersports, you’re out of your mind.”

*With a horrific scream the ram drops onto all fours and charges at you with unnatural speed, the ground trembling under its hooves. *

*Wilhelm pushes you out of the way, the ram grazing his arm. His eyes light up and he cries out in pain.*

**WILHELM:** “Auggh! You son of a— that’s my jerking arm!“

**HELIO**: “My lord, prepare yourself! He’s coming again!”

<- [Previous (00 - 10)](../CrystalWarriors/0010.md)

[Next (21 - 30)](../CrystalWarriors/2130.md) ->

[Back to top](#crystal-warriors)

[Home](../index.md)