[Home](../index.md) 

## **(22) THE RAM DEFEATED**
*The Ram’s mighty chest rattles a final gasping breath and with a shudder is defeated. Your band pant heavily around you, still alive but shaken.*

**WILHELM:** “Is that it? Is it over?”

**HELIO:** “I… I think so.”

*Helio approaches Wilhelm and lifts his arm gently. Wilhelm winces in pain. Helio rolls up the sleeve of Wilhelm’s tunic, revealing a long, purple cut from the Ram’s horn.*

**HELIO:** “Wilhelm, this cut—“

*Before Helio can finish, the low rumble of combustion comes from the edge of the clearing. A staff-wielding man walks authoritatively out from the tree-line, small sparks trailing behind him.*

*Without stopping, he weaves through your party, stopping just short of Wilhelm. With a flourish, he waves a hand over Wilhelm’s wound, hot flashes of flame dancing from the tips of his fingers. Wide-eyed, Helio reaches for his sword.*

**HAL:** “If you don’t want your friend to lose his arm, his mind, and his pretty face, you will stay your blade. The Ram has infected him with the Dark Wizard’s rot.”

*Wilhelm’s eyes dart from his arm to the magus to you. Your heart racing, you give him a quick nod, trying to mask your panic. You watch as the flames lick the wound, producing tiny wisps of purple smoke. Wilhelm’s other hand reaches for yours and squeezes it.*

**HAL:** “I know it hurts, but if you don’t burn out the rot you will end up just like that beast.”

*The magus continues treating the wound until at last the flames produce no smoke. He takes a deep breath and nods to you. Wilhelm squeezes the now singed wound, Helio draws him close and begins bandaging it.*

**WILHELM:** “Thank you, but who are you?”

**HAL:** “My name is Hal, a fire mage. I suppose I should be thanking you, actually. I’ve been tracking that Ram for days. He is the last of the herd that destroyed my village… the last of the villagers that were infected and transformed.”

**WILHELM:** “Oh…”

*The magus approaches you, the tiny sparks that seem to radiate off of him are warm against your face. He puts his hand on the back of your neck and looks deep into your eyes.*

**HAL:** “I saw how you fought. You are a brave leader and stronger even than you might think. You… you may be the one who will rid this island of the Dark Wizard.”

*Your face is hot, and you feel your cheeks blushing. Whether it’s from the compliments, Hal’s ambient heat, or your own growing arousal is impossible to say. You meet the mage’s gaze and ask if he’ll accompany you.*

**HAL:** “I need to finish paying my respects to the fallen. Though unrecognizable, this ram was once someone very important to me. If you find yourself in need, call to me.”

**WILHELM:** “Are you sure? I feel like I might owe you something…”

**HAL:** “I’ll leave it to your leader to collect on your debt to me. But be careful, young shaman. Your bravery could get you into trouble one day. Oh, and try to go easy on that arm for a little while. Use your other hand... or have a friend help you out.”

**WILHELM:** “…”

*Hal chuckles to himself, the embers dancing above his shoulders flash brightly as he laughs.*

**HAL:** “Until we meet again, warriors. Take care.”

## **(25) SNOWBALL FIGHT**

*Leaving the forest, morale is low, even Wilhelm still seems shaken from the run-in with the Ram. As the trees give way to the foothills of a snowy mountain, spirits plunge even further.*

*You notice that both Wilhelm and Helio aren’t exactly what you would call dressed for the weather, which, excited as you are to see their nipples poking through their tunics, still prompts some concern.*

**HELIO:** “My lord, the mood among the troops is getting dire. We need something to rally their morale.”

**WILHELM:** “That’s a great point, Helio.”

*Wilhelm giggles, scoops up a handful of snow, and hurls it towards Helio. It sticks to the side of his face wetly before slowly sliding down and landing on his shoulder-plate.*

**WILHELM:** “I feel much better already.”

*Helio blinks at Wilhelm, a quick flash of fury passing across his face before subsiding into a playful grin. He scoops up a handful of snow and begins advancing towards Wilhelm.*

**WILHELM:** “No, no! My morale is plummeting again! Please!”

**HELIO:** “Come here, shaman! You know how I feel about reciprocation!”

**WILHELM:** “Make him stop!”

**HELIO:** “No one can help you now, Wilhelm. Oof! Hey! Now you’ve done it. You’ve awakened the Dragon of the Knight’s Guard!”

**WILHELM:** “Stop! Please, there’s so much snow in my—well, in my everywhere!”

*You watch the two men chasing each other around the snowy path, hurling snowballs back and forth. You are all, finally, laughing and having a good time. However, soon you realize that both Wilhelm and Helio are looking at you menacingly, arms heavy with snow.*

**WILHELM:** “Leader, you’re looking down… let us help you with that.”

## **(28) MEETING RUDER**
*Though the snowball fight has improved everyone’s spirits, as the night draws near, you all simultaneously realize that you failed to consider how you would go about drying your clothes in the aftermath.*

*Wilhelm is shaking, his breath curling off his lips in shivering white puffs. Even Helio looks cold, his eyes squinting against the snow as he clutches his arms.*

**WILHELM:** “W-w-where’s that flame magus when you need him…”

*Helio pulls you close.*

**HELIO:** “My lord, I fear for Wilhelm. He doesn’t have the hale and hearty constitution of born warriors like us.”

**WILHELM:** “I h-h-h-heard that, and—well, honestly… n-n-n-no argument from me.”

*Wilhelm sneezes and slumps lightly against you. The fading light seems to have drawn out fireflies which float gently around your party.*

**WILHELM:** “Why aren’t you b-b-b-b-big strong m-m-men doing more to help me?”

*Staring at the fireflies, you’re startled when one suddenly flares brightly in front of you. Wilhelm jerks back reflexively, pulling both of you down into a snowbank. Where there had been small lights a moment before now stands a small fiery-complexioned man.*

**RUDER:** “Damn, this isn’t right at all. You there, cold wet idiots. Is this still that snowy mountain?”

**WILHELM

:** “Hey! We’re not—“

**RUDER:** “Cold? Wet? You certainly are. Look at you. You’re on the threshold of freezing to death.”

**RUDER:** “I suppose introducing myself to three soon to be corpses is a bit pointless, but I’m Ruder. Inventor, pyromancer, great at parties.”

*Helio steps forward.*

**HELIO:** “A pyromancer, I don’t suppose you could—“

**RUDER:** “Could what? The dying always speak so slowly, it’s excruciating.”

**WILHELM:** “I KNOW. Look here, take this and warm up.”

*Ruder tosses a small lantern of fireflies at your feet. A glowing aura radiates out from it, warming the area around it. You feel sensation returning to your extremities… and a stirring in Wilhelm’s pants beneath you.*

**RUDER:** “Don’t bother thanking me. I don’t have time for it. And before you ask, no, I will not travel with you. I have my own projects to contend with. Now, let’s see what happens if I take a left at Albuq--”

*With a snap of his fingers, Ruder dissolves again into fireflies which quickly fade and vanish. You take up the lantern and continue on your way. Confused, grateful and finally able to feel your cock again.

## **(30) A RAT IN THE MOUNTAINS**

*Your spirits bolstered by the light of the strange man’s lantern, the band is back to their usual selves. Wilhelm idly sings a surprisingly filthy ballad about a giant from the sky, but abruptly stops.*

**WILHELM:** Oh, this can’t be good.

*Wilhelm points to a series of menacing gouges along the cliff face.*

**WILHELM:** Something tells me that these aren’t just natural wear and tear…

*Helio runs his hand along the gouges, a troubled look coming over him.*

**HELIO:** I don’t like the look of this, my lord.

*You sigh heavily, disappointed that there is likely something hulking and otherworldly standing between you and hearing the rest of Wilhelm’s filthy song.*

*Helio follows the gouges around a sharp curve in the path.*

**WILHELM:** Careful…

*Wilhelm draws close to you, his knuckles whitening as he grips his staff more tightly.*

**HELIO:** I’m always careful.

**WILHELM:** Well… I seem to remember a time—

*Wilhelm is interrupted by a sudden gasp and the sharp crack of steel and bone colliding. You rush to follow Helio and find him pinned against the cliff face by an enormous twisted beast.*

**WILHELM:** Helio!

**HELIO:** I think I found what made those marks!

**WILHELM:** Hey! We’re the only ones who get to press him up against the wall!

*Wilhelm jabs the hulking creature with his staff and it recoils, hissing as it turns its attention from Helio to the much less sensibly clothed Shaman. Though Wilhelm’s eyes flash with panic, he quickly steadies himself and prepares to defend you.*

**HELIO:** My lord, quickly!

**WILHELM:** Please, very quickly!

<- [Previous (11 - 20)](../CrystalWarriors/1120.md)

[Next (31 - 40)](../CrystalWarriors/3140.md) ->

[Home](../index.md) 