# [Crystal Warriors](../CrystalWarriors/CrystalWarriors.md)

## (31) AFTER THE RAT

*Dying, the rat lays before you, its claws thrashing uselessly. It howls and strains despite its broken body, the deepest part of it still desperate for your blood. Wilhelm takes his staff and decisively brings it down a final time.*

**WILHELM:** ...

*Wilhelm stands over the monster, something about his demeanor having shifted. Helio looks at him with concern.*

**HELIO:** Wilhelm… Are you alright?

*You approach Wilhelm, setting a hand on his shoulder. He’s trembling, puffs of hot breath shaking themselves out of him. Feeling your hand on his shoulder, he relaxes and gently curls towards you.*

**WILHELM:** Was… he human once too?

**HELIO:** If what the fire magus told us is true…

*Wilhelm presses himself close to you. It seems that the adventure is beginning to take a toll on him. You hold him tightly, running your hand through his hair as a few stray rays of sun dance across them.*

**HELIO:** This is why we need to persist. The Dark Wizard cannot be allowed to do this.

**WILHELM:** No… he cannot.

*Wilhelm wipes at his cheek, sniffling. He buries his face in your chest for a moment, breathing deeply in a gesture you recognize. He plants a small, quick kiss on your chest, collects himself, and pulls away.*

*Wilhelm clears his throat and begins trudging along the path again. You and Helio watch, exchanging a brief glance of admiration and filled anew with determination.*

## **(33) MEETING COLBY**
After a few hours of Wilhelm quietly walking ahead, the only sound coming from him the rhythmic thump of his staff on the snow, he finally stops.

*The snow-heavy clouds below you have parted enough to reveal a view of a sprawling valley. The three of you stand side by side, looking down at a herd of thick-furred mountain goats.*

**HELIO:** Hah… I guess there are still some things that the Dark Wizard’s power hasn’t ruined.

*Wilhelm’s posture finally relaxes. You watch the goats gently butting each other, locking their small horns together then…*

**WILHELM:** Oh my! Are they…

*One of the goats mounts the other, and the three of you turn away blushing. You’re startled to see that somehow a small man with a large wand and a bulging codpiece has managed to sneak up behind you.*

**COLBY:** They certainly are, and entirely out of season.

*Helio instinctively sticks an arm out to protect the two of you.*

**HELIO:** Where did you come from? Stand down!

*Colby laughs and waves dismissively at Helio. He bends over, resting against his wand.*

**COLBY:** Calm down. I’ve been here for days. I’m studying the migratory patterns of these goats. My name is Colby. I’m a biologist.

*Colby looks at you expectantly.*

**COLBY:** Which, before you make any lewd jokes, is about much more than watching animals rutting like… well, animals.

*Wilhelm laughs and turns back to the herd.*

**WILHELM:** Sure, perv.

*The strange biologist explains to you that the animals are acting strangely, hornier than usual and not just the rams.*

*You immediately conclude that this must be another effect of the dark wizard’s perversion of the land’s natural order. Everything and everyone is being thrown into a frenzy of mating and fighting.*

**COLBY:** Compelling. I’d be curious to test your hypothesis for myself, but I need to make sure this herd doesn’t get much closer to the settlements down the mountain. Especially if what you say is true.

*Colby gives your band a wave and heads down towards the herd, balancing his steps carefully on the craggy mountain path. Your band watches him leave, all of you with your eyes locked on his barely covered rear end, and you begin to think there might be something to this theory.*

## (35) ROHM AT THE SUMMIT
At last, you reach the summit of the mountain range. The air is thin, but the moon hangs full and low in the sky. Wilhelm draws your attention to a man standing on a precarious-looking rock jutting unnaturally out from the mountaintop.

*As you draw near, you get a queasy flash of familiarity.*

**HELIO:** A warlock…

*You notice the man’s lips moving quickly, a dull purple aura slowly growing in intensity around him.*

**WILHELM:** He’s channeling something. And looking confident while doing it.

*The warlock flourishes his cloak without turning, showing off a large bulge and a prominent presence.*

*The wind calms, and a bizarre quiet comes over the mountain. Slowly, the warlock turns to you.*

**ROHM:** Well, took you long enough. I was beginning to think that you’d forgotten all about me.

*You feel a vague premonition of danger, but that subsides as you become transfixed by the substantial bulge swinging beneath his robes.*

**ROHM:** It’s impolite to stare, interloper. You’d be well advised to tell your companions this, too.

**HELIO:** I wasn’t--- What’s your business here, warlock? Is your allegiance to the dark wizard or to the forces of freedom?

**ROHM:** Is it always ‘or’? Is it never ‘and’? Who’s to say that the dark wizard isn’t also fighting for freedom in his way.

*Rohm raises his hand and the aura surrounding him curls out into the night with a peal of howls.
*
**WILHELM:** That sound! What was that?

**ROHM:** The land has become engorged with erotic energy. It seems that something has arrived recently that is setting the planet’s libidinal forces into a furor, and it craves… release.

**WILHELM:** Wait, so you were—

**ROHM:** Stimulating the tortuous aether.

*Helio blinks, and Wilhelm bursts out laughing.*

**WILHELM:** He was jerking off the planet!

**HELIO:** Well, now I’ve heard everything.

*Helio begins trudging along the path again, Wilhelm clings to your shoulder, bent over from a deep and comforting belly laugh.*

**ROHM:** It’s important what I do! Do you want earthquakes? Floods? Listen, you impudent--

*Rohm continues blustering, growing visibly flustered by Wilhelm’s dismissive laughter.*

**WILHELM:** Come on, my lord, we should give Rohm and the planet some privacy.

**HELIO:** Careful you don’t disturb the mountain too much with your feet, my liege, wouldn’t want to provoke a premature blizzard.

*Rohm fumes watching the three of you go. You get the impression that you may not have treated the well-endowed warlock with quite the reverence he expected, but you feel you’ve gained a greater perspective on the nature of this land you arrived in those many days ago.*

## (38) HEAT
*The sun is sparkling on the rolling hills of snow, and the warmth is a welcomed change of pace.*

*Wilhelm twirls his staff idly, kicking up small spurts of powder from the ground as Helio whistles his way through another of his bawdy martial songs. He stops abruptly.*

**HELIO:** Is one of you humming along with me? That’s cute, I didn’t think either of you could carry a tune!

*You and Wilhelm look at each other, both expecting to see the other blushing from the compliment, then you notice the sound to which Helio is referring. It’s not humming, it’s a rumbling.*

*The three of you look up as a massive avalanche tumbles its way down the mountainside.*

**HELIO:** Look out!

*You and Helio scoop Wilhelm up and rush back the way you came, narrowly avoiding boulders and a cascade of snow.*

*Wilhelm kicks his feet giddily as he’s whisked to safety by you and Helio, seemingly indifferent to your near brush with death.*

**WILHELM:** You two never pick me up anymore! Well, not since that one time with the—

*Wilhelm suddenly blushes and corrects himself, embarrassed.*

**WILHELM:** Oh shoot, I’m thinking of a different time when a burly soldier and an interloper out of space and time were taking turns battering my—

*Wilhelm’s interrupted again, but this time by an ear-splitting howl from up the mountain. You make a note to follow up with Wilhelm about this abbreviated anecdote.*

*A man comes crashing down the mountainside behind the avalanche, bouncing on what looks like a broken tree. He comes closer and closer before finally coming to a stop before your troupe, covering you all with a large heap of snow.*

**HELIO:** Hey! You got some of that in my eye!

The man chuckles and gives the three of you a wide, maniacal grin.

**HEAT:** I’m always very careful about what I spray and where I spray it, bud.

**HEAT:** Sorry about the fresh powder, my guys, I may have gotten a little carried away with the fire crystals in that last bomb… Combustion isn’t a science, more of an art.

*He chuckles to himself then squints at the three of you.*

**HEAT:** Hey, you don’t look like endemic life researchers. What are you doing up here?

**HELIO:** We’re heroes. We’re doing heroism.

**HEAT:** Very hot, very hot. Well, don’t let me keep you.

*The three of you look at the massive mountain of snow obstructing your path then back at the strange man. He nods, understanding, then lights another of his bombs and chucks it into the snow, sending the snowdrift further down the mountain.*

**HEAT:** Better? Name’s Heat, by the way, maybe I’ll catch up with you guys later. See what this heroism thing’s all about.

*Heat kicks his log and continues down the mountain behind the snow. Helio and Wilhelm look at you, hoping for answers. There are none. That about which you cannot speak, the three of you decide to pass over in silence.*

## **(40) THE BAT**

*The sun is dipping low on the horizon before you can finally see the edge of the snowy mountains. The tree line is a welcomed sight, you band have had their fill of this mountain’s endless snows and parade of strange men.*

*You suggest that the three of you should indulge in a final celebratory romp in the snow before leaving it behind.*

**HELIO:** My lord, far be it from me to ever turn down an advance, but if experience is any indication if we tarry we’re going to be set upon by either a horrible beast or an oddly well-hung stranger.

**WILHELM:** Fifty-fifty… I don’t hate those odds.

*Helio looks at the two of you and sighs heavily. Resigned, he begins to undress. Just as he’s unbuckling the final buckle on his plate-mail, a horrible screeching echoes down the mountain.*

**HELIO:** Every time…

**WILHELM:** Hey, maybe it’s not a monster this time. It could be…

**HELIO:** Please, Wilhelm, what could it be?

**WILHELM:** It could be one of those death metal bards, the ones with the long hair and the weird face paint?

**HELIO:** A… death metal bard?

**WILHELM:** Sure! Those guys screech with the best of them.

*The three of you reluctantly look up in the direction that the screech came from, for the first time in your life hoping to see a death metal musician, but alas…*

**WILHELM:** That’s a bat.

**HELIO:** Definitely a bat. Guess I’ll start getting dressed, start this one up without me?

**WILHELM:** Come on, my lord, maybe if we beat the tar out of this thing well enough we’ll lure some hot death metal bards down from the mountains with its dying screams!

*You remark that you weren’t aware that Wilhelm was into the long hair and makeup type but make a note of it for when the battle’s concluded.*

<- [Previous (21 - 30)](../CrystalWarriors/2130.md)

[Back](../CrystalWarriors/CrystalWarriors.md)