[Back](/index.md) 

# Horace at the Wedding

Well, it’s no Kentucky Derby but I suppose I’m glad that Kirsten’s mother has pulled out all the stops for the occasion. An extravagant wedding for the extravagant daughter of an extravagant woman. God love that sister of mine, but frankly, I can’t help questioning some of her choices. I can’t help thinking she could have done it a lot cheaper.

These glasses, *por ejemplo*, (Sorry, I just came back from Santa Fe and absolutely fell in love with the culture there, I slip in and out of Spanish without even noticing, really) but these glasses for example: retail price $2.99 from Pier One Imports, and I would bank on it. There’s … let’s say fifty of them. That’s an easy hundred and fifty dollars, just on the glasses. Know what won’t cost you three hundred dollars? 50 Ziploc resealable bags from Walgreens, which I know does not have the prestige of a Pier One Imports, but they carry liquids just as well and they won’t all go straight in the trash when you’re done. They’re reusable and resealable, my dear. Plus! Look at all this *langosta*-- sorry, lobster. There’s no way anyone is going to be able to finish all of it this very evening, but with a Ziploc resealable bag from Walgreens, now with SmartLock, your guests can just scoop up some leftovers and make a gorgeous little lobster sandwich when they get home.

And these decorations, so showy so ostentatious. Nothing like what we have in Santa Fe! Who needs these baskets of flowers, these heaping buckets of poseys or what have you. Oh, why not just knock out a few God’s Eyes and a painting of our Lady of Guadalupe and call it a day! Oh, surely you know a God’s Eye! They’re those gorgeous little trinkets you get when you glue together a couple sticks and wrap them all up in something smooth and sinewy. Why not just weave a few God’s Eyes with some yarn from around the house, maybe a nice merino wool with a turquoise embellishment if you MUST show off. Retail price a buck fifty, tops! 

God’s Eyes also make great decorations because they remind us that the Good Lord is always watching and that we are all precious in his sight. And from the way some of these people are carrying on, I think that’s a reminder some of us could use. I keep one on my person at all times. Lord knows I have been given my own share of desafios, sorry, challenges-- but we are not given any burden too heavy for us to handle; this I know, this I know. Whenever I see a man with sinful thighs or sporting the devil’s crew neck, I just squeeze my little God’s Eye and remember what my trainer taught me at my Christian Gym, Christ on the Crossfit, “the carnal embrace of lust is a moment on the earthly lips and a lifetime on the spiritual hips, and in the gates of heaven it’s always swimsuit season.”

Anyways, good lord can I carry on sometimes. All I mean to say is that I’m just worried about what that sister of mine has taught her daughter. Thriftiness is next to godliness. I told Kristin’s mother when I called her from the car on the way up here, I said “I just hope you taught that daughter of yours that weddings come and weddings go. Marriage is a lot like Plinko. At the end of the day you can spend all the time in the world picking your slot but it’s between that ball and God where it’s going to end up.” Don’t break the bank on an extravagant engagement, who knows how long the marriage is even going to last! 

Kristin could learn a lot from Bob Barker era Price is Right, I’ll say it. When you’re budgeting for a wedding you can bid whatever you want, but as soon as you go over? Darling, you’re done. No chance to spin the wheel and just forget about the Showcase Showdown entirely. She’ll see when she opens my gift. Three V-H-S-es of prime Bob Barker era Price is Right I taped , by hand, off Telemundo down in Santa Fe, some yarn and a handful of popsicle sticks. Retail value: 11.95 at Walgreens. Sentimental value: priceless. I took the liberty, too, of leaving the commercials in because they’re a great opportunity to weave a couple gods eyes and think about the Lord.

(I do miss Bob Barker. What a man. So much brighter and livelier than that horrible Drew Carey. I must confess I’ve stopped watching ever since they put the show in that man’s awful hands. Though, I must say I don’t miss him telling people to spay and neuter their cats and dogs, what a horrible thing for a man to say on daytime television when god knows children could be watching.)

Such a shame that the groom is running late, but I’ll tell you one things: one, none of this *drama automatriz*-- sorry, automotive drama-- would have happened if Kristin’s mother had just let me buy them that horse-drawn carriage. I know she hates horses, ever since our sister Judith, god rest her soul, got kicked in the head by that gorgeous Friesian when we were children. You would think she could put her irrational prejudice aside for one evening for her daughter, it’s not like Judith is gonna get kicked in the head again. Not unless that horse has a shovel and an axe to grind. A horse-drawn carriage for her beautiful niece is exactly what Judith would have wanted, I know that much. She wouldn’t have gotten so close to that wild horse if she didn’t think they were noble and mighty beasts. Oh well. It’s not my place to judge.

They’re not as expensive as you might think they are, you know. Horses. Or, they’re not as expensive as you might think given how incredible they are. If there’s one thing I know it’s that I’ve never met a horse what wasn’t on his way back to Jesus. That’s the one thing in this world that I’ll never skimp on. Every year I pay 30% of my annual salary to make it to the Kentucky Derby-- half of that is on the hat alone. And every year it’s worth it. Just to see those big meaty thighs racing around that track with those itty-bitty men on top just bouncing away. 
	
Big, itty-bitty, meaty, horse man, horse thigh, God's Eye... God's Eye. Where could that man be? It's spit in the eye to be this late for his wife. It's a hoof on the throat, a hoarse in the throat, a horse on the moment. Ahem. It's a moment on the horse on the lips of the horse, on a moment, on a lifetime on the-- 

[Back](/index.md) 