[Back](/index.md) 

# Everybody Came to See The Horses
I know it’s a lot to ask, I do, and I’m going to tell you why I need it. But, first I have to tell you about the time the horses came to town, okay? I know we’re only just meeting and this isn’t a usual thing, but it’s not a long story, and (there’s no two ways about this) if I don’t tell you about the horses you’re not going to understand anything about why I need to ask you to do this before we go out and get dinner.

It was last winter, and for three weeks the whole town had been abuzz about the Famous Lipizzaner Stallions. From the barber shop window I watched people pass and gawk at the posters that had gone up seemingly overnight on every telephone pole in town. “Come and see the dancing horses!” The turtleneck mothers and slack husbands would lift up their little squirts and point at the poster and the children would squeal and clap, the poster itself enough for the squirts. God bless the squirts who could be endlessly entertained by just the idea of dancing horses, it was always the pops who needed something more before they would let themselves be thrilled (having had the wool pulled over their eyes once or twice).

“I don’t think they can be all they’re cracked up to be.” Pop would say out of earshot of the squirts. “Just a savvy advertising campaign to get people to buy overpriced popcorn and hotdogs.”

“Oh, live a little,” the Moms would say, “when’s the last time you went out to see something other than the far side of the bar,” and Pop would have to acquiesce and next thing you’d know they’d be on the phone ordering two full price tickets to see the ponies and one kid’s price for the squirt. And so it went for three full weeks until it seemed every Mom, Pop and Squirt had a seat reserved to see the Famous Lipizzaner Stallions.

But I don’t think anybody was more excited to see the horses than Mr. Toninato. A small, round, Victorian aesthete who’d come somehow unstuck from time and ended up here in our sleepy little suburb. He’d come in every Tuesday at noon, though when he called every Sunday to book his appointment he’d always say “I’m going to need to come in and have my hair touched” always touched, never touched up, never trimmed, just touched. “Some devil” he’d say, “must be dousing me in tonic while I sleep because I’m coming undone again.” 

“Don’t misunderstand me. All creatures are heavenly creatures but there are heavenly creatures, and then there are horses. I’ve never met a horse what wasn’t on its way back to Jesus, I’ll tell you that much.” Mr. Toninato would say. “And to see them dance? Why, I don’t think there’s anything more I could ask of this fallen world.” And I would snip, again, at the little curls on the sides of his head until he made a small, contented grunt and said, “Another masterpiece. You’ve outdone yourself, and I count my blessings every day to be your canvas.” And I would take my cue to brush the little hairs out from his neck and sweep the barber’s cape off him with a dramatic flourish.

Though I’ve lived in Creekport my whole life, it wasn’t until I’d opened the barber shop that I’d met Mr. Toninato. Creekport wasn’t so small that this should have been impossible, but it was nonetheless surprising. A man like Mr. Toninato seems like the type you would take notice of, especially here, and it seemed everyone else in town had long before I did. Whenever I mentioned him to someone their eyes would glaze over with an affectionate, far-off look and they’d tell me a story of seeing him blowing kisses to fishermen at the pier or of cooling himself with a folding paper fan in the rec center sauna, or of the times he would send heaping bouquets of lilies to every family who had posted an obituary in the paper.

On the day the Famous Lipizzaner Stallions were meant to perform, the excitation of the town was palpable. Even outside the fairgrounds, everyone was moving with a sense of purpose, hurrying to finish the tasks of the day so that they could be sure to arrive on time for the show. The fairground itself had transformed from a sleepy place for harried husbands and their dogs to pace and sigh and bemoan what they had, and into a swirling mass of balloons and adults. And of course, upon arriving, all the pops couldn’t help but remark “I told you the whole thing smelled like horse shit” and grin stupidly at the moms and the squirts who said, invariably, “Pops said a bad word!” feigning shock but secretly their little hearts racing in their chests. The smell though, was actually from a small petting zoo where a clutch of baby goats were gently headbutting the ankles of handlers and children and hopping up on their hind legs to twirl contentedly. The horses weren’t there.

The horses were late, and women with white faces and big cartoonish lips, and short little nails wrapped around clipboards kept assuring everyone that the horses were on their way and that it was because of this damned snow that they were late and that the drivers were driving as fast as they reasonably could given the circumstances. Aside from a few sets of moms and pops who were worried about their babysitters, everyone took the news in stride and lined up again for the ferris wheel or the bumper cars or the morose teenage fortune teller. Mr. Toninato though remained by the gate the horses were meant to be coming through, wringing a flowery kerchief in his hands, until at last a convoy of trucks and trailers started wheezing over the crest of the hill.

“The horses are here!” Mr. Toninato cried, and began to jump and wave his kerchief frantically over his head. Bouncing ballishly, he cried over and over with a frenzy just shy of grabbing people by the lapels and shaking them. “Everyone! The horses are here!” And naturally, people began to gravitate towards the gate to watch the trucks bumping their way towards the fairground, which they did one by one. As each aluminum trailer passed, the people cheered, and the too-big, too-wet eyes of the horses, barely visible through the slats in the metal housing, would flare with panic. 

Look, I don’t mean to make it sound like maybe things could have gone differently if it weren’t for Mr. Toninato and his shouting and kerchief waving. But, there’s certainly a school of thought that might say if he hadn’t been so enthusiastic, if his shouting hadn’t been so insistent, maybe there wouldn’t have been so many people around when the big bad thing finally happened. I don’t buy into that, myself. I think there are things or types of things that draw people in despite themselves, and that hearing someone say in a hushed tone: “You have to come see what happened to the horse.” Is absolutely that type of thing.

There are some who wish that the trailer would have flipped over earlier, that the icy patch had just been a kilometer further out from the fair. The way I see it, those wishes would be better spent hoping that the trailer hadn’t flipped at all. As it was though, that trailer overturned at the edge of the fairground and spilled that poor horse out right beside the cotton candy machine. That it also happened to have happened right on that little hitch where the train tracks crossed the road, well that I think we have to chalk up to some wicked hand of fate. The screaming didn’t start right away. People were, I guess, in shock or maybe thought it was a prank. It did start though, and when it did it moved through the fairground like a brushfire until even the necking couples at the top of the ferris wheel were screaming their lungs out.

The screaming was loud to be certain, but even with all that screaming I don’t think there was a single person at that fair who didn’t hear the train whistle when it started to blow. A miracle of modern engineering, that, that a train whistle can shriek at a pitch that cuts through a thousand other screams like a knife through butter. Everybody knew what was about to happen. The horse knew, the people knew, somehow even the squirts knew. Though, that’s perhaps editorializing. How the squirts could possibly have had images violent enough in their mind to adequately understand what they were about to see… I guess that I hope the squirts didn’t know, but they might have.

Forgive me, what happened next is hazy. There’s a lot of conflicting information that’s come to me after the fact. People love to talk. Some people say that what happened is that Mr. Toninato tried to move the horse, that he was the only one who seemed to be able to pull himself together enough to even try moving the horse. Some people say that Mr. Toninato wasn’t trying to move the horse, but to shield it, that he thought somehow his body might be enough to stop the locomotive barreling towards the two of them. There are people in the church basement that insist Mr. Toninato wasn’t trying to do anything, that his body was the vessel of a demon who wanted us all to see the big, bad thing-- that what happened wasn’t about him but about evil. I, for my part, think that he was trying to save everyone else, that it wasn’t really about the horse but about everyone who’d come to see it.

I can’t tell you what it looked like. I wish I could. I wish, sometimes, that I could paint because if I could I wouldn’t have to tell you this story about a man, a train and a horse. I could show you. But, I can’t paint, not this thing, not well enough. The only thing I’ve ever done well disappeared at the same time as Mr. Toninato, when he put his head down there next to the horse’s head and the train did what trains do when pushed. The train did the only thing it knows how to do when train meets head or train meets horse.

The funeral for Mr. Toninato, I don’t know if you were there or not. It was on a Wednesday. It was sad, of course, and I was sad to be there, but then there was a thing that made me sadder. There was this horrible photograph from, I guess, his college days. And, I know you’re going to say this only jumped out at me because of my profession, because I’m trained to notice, but his hair in the photo… It was appalling. It was coming from his ears, from his cheeks, it was curly and dark and wrapped around his head like a mane. “Werewolfism.” Someone said to me, as though that were an explanation. “Not like in stories. Just means he was born hairy and wrong, I guess. Never went away. But so good, so sweet.” The casket, of course, was closed. 

So, there you have it, that’s why I do it and why I can’t stop doing it even if I wanted to. It’s nothing sick or perverted. I can see how it sounds strange, I know it’s not usual, but that’s why. So if you wouldn’t mind, can you hop up in the chair? I’ll put on your cape and you’ll say “Honey, I’ve come undone. Touch my hair and send me on my way back to Jesus.” Please, just sit in the chair and say “I might have been born wrong, but honey I’m leaving with less than I came in with and I feel all the better for it.” Just, please, that’s all I’m asking, then we can go get dinner.

[Back](/index.md) 